docs: FAQs update (#1658)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/help/faq/index.mdx

  Here, we answer some of our frequently asked questions.
---

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>About Carbon</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Contributing</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Creating with Carbon</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

> ## All about Carbon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## About Carbon
```

### What is the Carbon Design System?

Carbon is the open-source design system for all IBM software products. It is a
series of individual styles, components, and guidelines used for creating
unified product experiences.

To learn more about how we work check out

> [All about Carbon](/all-about-carbon/what-is-carbon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[What is Carbon](/all-about-carbon/what-is-carbon).
```

> ### Who works on Carbon?

Reviewer: Let's take out the sentence about the Austin studio. (I can't edit that paragraph for some reason.)

Author: Done!

and
[carbon-react](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-components-react#contributors).

## Contributing

> ### How can I contribute and/or propose new components/ideas?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How can I contribute and/or propose new components/ideas?
```
```suggestion
### How can I contribute and/or propose new components or ideas?
```

Check out our [contribution overview](/contributing/overview) to learn all about
the different ways to contribute. Thanks for the help!

### I see a bug. How do I report it?

First, make sure the problem is reproducible. Once confirmed, open an issue in

> the appropriate GitHub repo (see below). We will address the bug as soon as we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the appropriate GitHub repo from the following list. We will address the bug as soon as we
```

These charts will receive an updated color palette to match Carbon v10. Visual
guidance and chart components are also in the works!

> ### I haven't updated to the latest version of Carbon yet, and I still need the old documentation. Where can I find it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Where can I find documentation for earlier versions of Carbon?
```
